Thinking an app that will allow you to fill out a questionnaire which is used to train the agent aka your gift recipient list (or yourself).  Thinking a simple json.

The goal is to monetize two offerings.  "Buy what you need" and continual use.  Thinking $1 gives you 5 queries, there needs to be a character limit, counter, and injection sanitation on submissions.  Also a subscription offering for those who don't want to continually buying individually.

The problem being solved:  I have a hard time picking gifts for people.  Friends & family, etc.  I would love recommendations from popular storefronts (amazon, wal-mart etc.)  So the app will connect to their APIs and allow you to pass in metadata tag parameters and return products.

Monetization ideas
  Tiers go up to add more queries.
  All reset on a monthly cycle.
	  Pay-as-you-go ($5) - 1 free profile
	Subscription ($5)

  Sell profile spots.  The non-subscription can only do 1 and they pay as they go.
  The Subscriptions tier allowing more profiles and more queries.

Tech Stack:  I'm hoping to make it compatible with both iphone and android.

Landing Page
New profile button which points to a form
Or click one of the existing profiles
Buttons on the footer area Settings - Pricing - Terms of service
I don't want the landing page to scroll, just make it all fit.  No sugarcoating, straight to the product.  Simplest app in the world.
About button with basic information about the app that will explain to the customer what the app is and how it works.  

Questionnaire Form.
	Button: Shopping for yourself / Shopping for another
	Age - slide wheel
	Event you're shopping for.  
		Birthday
		Anniversary
		Christmas
		Valentine's Day
		Other (Dont worry, you can rename)
	Gender:  
	(answer simply or in depth.  The more info you provide, the better trained the agent will be.  Note:  You can add more context later if you wish.)
	Relationship to recipient (if another is selected): 
	Personality:
	Interests:	



Once a profile is selected, chat box - and chat history
	Chatbox initial response is short & direct.  Perhaps give a quick recap of the profile person.  Never give exact ages, but instead age ranges.

There will be a chatbox that is connected and an llm api backend.  Looking for utmost security.  

Authentication I'm thinking google to start with.

Ideas on Groupings??  But this might be too complicated for the MVP, but I wouldn't mind it noted in a readme or something as a future potential item.
	Baby
	Toddler
	Small kids
	Big kids
	Pre-teen
	Young Teenager
	Old teenager
	Young College
	Old College
	No-College
	Girlfriend
	Boyfriend
	Young Wife
	Young Husband
	Medium Wife
	Medium Husband
	Old Wife
	Old Husband
	Relatives
		
	
	
		
Maybe another settings button on the profile-selected page.
	Switch Profiles
	Edit profile name
	Add more context
	Reset profile
		You have selected to reset your profile to default.  Please note:  You will be required to resubmit the questionnaire.
	Delete profile
		Warning!  You are deleting your profile.  Are you sure?